Improve watching the file-system docs (#13219)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/running-builds/gradle_daemon.adoc

The Daemon also allows more effective in memory caching across builds. For example, the classes needed by the build (e.g. plugins, build scripts) can be held in memory between builds. Similarly, Gradle can maintain in-memory caches of build data such as the hashes of task inputs and outputs, used for incremental building.

> To detect changes on the file-system, and to calculate what needs to be rebuilt, Gradle collects a lot of information about the state of the file-system during every build.

Reviewer: I don't like repeating "the file-system" here, but have no good idea how to remove the redundancy.

> When <<sec:daemon_watch_fs,watching the file-system>> is enabled, the Daemon can re-use information about the file-system from the last build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When <<sec:daemon_watch_fs,watching the file-system>> is enabled, the Daemon can re-use the already collected information from the last build.
```
